:guage        -> gauge
:the:the:     -> the
:thier        -> their
:ture         -> true
accomodate    -> accommodate
acommodate    -> accommodate
aparent       -> apparent
aparrent      -> apparent
apparant      -> apparent
apparrent     -> apparent
aquire        -> acquire
becuase       -> because
cauhgt        -> caught
cheif         -> chief
choosen       -> chosen
cieling       -> ceiling
collegue      -> colleague
concensus     -> consensus
contians      -> contains
cosnt         -> const
dervied       -> derived
dosen't       -> doesn't
fales         -> false
fasle         -> false
fitler        -> filter
flase         -> false
foward        -> forward
frequecy      -> frequency
gaurantee     -> guarantee
guaratee      -> guarantee
heigth        -> height
heirarchy     -> hierarchy
inclued       -> include
interator     -> iterator
intput        -> input
invliad       -> invalid
lenght        -> length
liasion       -> liaison
libary        -> library
listner       -> listener
looses:       -> loses
looup         -> lookup
lieing        -> lying
manefist      -> manifest
namesapce     -> namespace
namespcae     -> namespace
occassion     -> occasion
occured       -> occurred
ouptut        -> output
ouput         -> output
overide       -> override
postion       -> position
priviledge    -> privilege
psuedo        -> pseudo
recieve       -> receive
refered       -> referred
relevent      -> relevant
repitition    -> repetition
reuslt        -> result
retrun        -> return
retun         -> return
reutrn        -> return
saftey        -> safety
seperate      -> separate
singed        -> signed
sattus        -> status
satutus       -> status
stau          -> status
stirng        -> string
strign        -> string
swithc        -> switch
swtich        -> switch
thresold      -> threshold
udpate        -> update
widht         -> width
